---
title: Too Late
author: GBENGA AKINDELE
type: "regular"
date: 2020-11-08T20:38:24+00:00
#url /articles/too-late/
images: 
  - "images/post/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/The-New-Living-Way-Community-Website-Blog-Image-Template-500-x-500-45.png"
axil_layout:
  - default
axil_sidebar:
  - default
axil_top_padding:
  - default
axil_bottom_padding:
  - default
axil_page_menu:
  - default
axil_top_bar:
  - default
axil_header_area:
  - default
axil_header:
  - default
axil_footer_top:
  - default
axil_footer_area:
  - default
axil_footer:
  - default
axil_banner:
  - default
axil_breadcrumb:
  - default
axil_post_layout:
  - default
axil_views:
  - 1
categories:
  - Articles
  - Featured
tags:
  - Discipline
  - Eternity
  - Life

---
<div style="text-align: center;">
  <p>
    You can seek and find God too late,<br /> Know Jesus and the faith too late,<br /> Realize the value of life too late,<br /> Appreciate the reach of mercy too late,<br /> Comprehend the use of grace too late.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Alas! No one arrives eternity late, But on that cloudless day:<br /> Tears and sorrow for sin will be too late<br /> The knowledge of backsliding will be too late<br /> Regrets over misplaced priorities will be painful but too late<br /> Desire to give up your burden of sin will be too late<br /> Pleading the blood of Jesus, though ever potent, will be too late<br /> The cry for restoration will be too late.<br /> Envisioning zeal and vigour will be all too late.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    While we can still have grace:<br /> Willingness to serve God should not come too late<br /> Hunger and thirst for righteousness should not come too late<br /> Longing to please God in a lifetime need not come too late<br /> Craving to love Jesus need not come too late<br /> Yielding to discipline is now not too late<br /> Keenness to overcome sin is now not too late
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Therefore, while it is today:<br /> The urge to give Jesus a cup of water is not too late<br /> Steering up one another towards love is not too late<br /> A holy living and maintenance of a pure heart is not too late<br /> Living by faith is yet not too late<br /> A visionary sight and an enlightened mind are yet not too late<br /> Self-discovery in Christ is yet not too late<br /> Bravery for eternal life&#8217;s course is yet not too late.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Dearly beloved, may I bid you make haste:<br /> Judas knew repentance too late<br /> Gehazi knew the importance of self-control too late<br /> The rich young ruler if ever returned, returned too late; For Paul had found grace in His place<br /> Satan knew how to forgo pride and lofty ambitions only too late<br /> The five virgins got the “oil”, but too late<br /> The prince of this world knew the Prince of peace too late<br /> Balaam gave up the love of money too late<br /> Lot gave up the love for luxury too late<br /> Abraham realized his error with Hagar too late, and a curse to mankind was the case.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Are there eternity-tilted acts left pending till date?<br /> Once given to men for all things are times and seasons, would you still delay?<br /> The journey may be far, but for some very short, brother why wait?<br /> Some came late and still found grace<br /> But all who came too late found a strictly shut gate<br /> The only season when not too late is today<br /> Oh, that for your lame feet, a straight path is made!
  </p>
</div>